[docs-only] update ocm service readme (#9814)
owncloud/ocis: services/ocm/README.md

* ocmcore: used for creating federated shares on the receiver side
* authprovider: authenticates webdav requests using the ocm share tokens

## Enable OCM

> To enable OpenCloudMesh you have to set three environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable OpenCloudMesh you have to set three environment variables. The path  `/etc/ocis` in the example below depends on the installation type and derives, if not otherwise defined from the `OCIS_CONFIG_DIR` envvar.
```
Make it clear where the path comes from

Reviewer: Please rebase, there have been some small changes in the readme that should not get overwritten...

Reviewer: As discussed with @butonic I take care

```console
export OCIS_ENABLE_OCM=true
export OCM_OCM_PROVIDER_AUTHORIZER_PROVIDERS_FILE="/etc/ocis/ocmproviders.json"
export OCIS_ADD_RUN_SERVICES="ocm"
```

{{< hint info >}}
Point `OCM_OCM_PROVIDER_AUTHORIZER_PROVIDERS_FILE` to a file as described below.
{{< /hint >}}

## Trust Between Instances

The `ocm` services implements an invitation workflow which needs to be followed before creating federated shares. Invitations are limited to trusted instances, however.

The list of trusted instances is managed by the `ocmproviderauthorizer` service. The only supported backend currently is `json` which stores the list in a json file on disk.

> When all instances of a fedaration should trust auch other, an `ocmproviders.json` file like this can be used for all instances:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When all instances of a federation should trust each other, an `ocmproviders.json` file like this can be used for all instances:
```

## Creating Shares

{{< hint info >}}
The below info is outdated as we allow creating federated shares using the graph API. Clients can now discover the available sharing roles and invite federated users using the graph API.

> {{< /hint >}}

Author: This needs a rework:
- link to libre graph api docs
- hm use existing examples from there?
- prose
